---
slug: Action
title: Action
authors: [slorber]
tags: [facebook, hello, docusaurus]
---

Pow pow pow! As a kid that was one the noises I made when playing with my action figures. In this blog, I'll attempt to write a short story action fight scene between two gladiator. 

The champ walks in with heavy footsteps, you can see the sand lift off his sandals. His golden breast plate shines off the beaming sun as he steps from the shadow onto the stadium. He yells his name, "Orooculus!" He continues, "I'll dismantle and behead any challenger!" He pounds his spear heavily onto his large rectangular shield. 

The challenger slowly steps out from the shadow onto the stadium exactly across from Orooculus. Orooculus yells at the challenger, "State your name soldier!" The challenger slowly gazes around the stadium, looking left and then right, and then straight at orooculus. With a calm monotone voice, "Maximillian Atrocies. I'm a father, husband, and a son. I serve no man, I fight for myself now, and I fight for freedom." Orooculus laughed scoffingly and then replies with calm anger, "Freedom you shall have." 

Maximillian, puts on his silver helm. His plain silver breast plate and shin armor glitering in the sun. Immediately, Maximillian sets his eye on Orooculus, dashes forward and starts sprinting with both of his sword swinging from side to side. Orooculus see's how quick he is, and quickly states "he's fast, I need to close in on him or he'll strike first." Orooculust lift up his spear over his head and hurls it as quick and precise as he can. Maximillian closing the distance quick was already to close that the spear was thrown past him. Maximillian, with one stomp from the ground glides onto the air with both of his sword in the air above his head, comes flying down heavy at Orooculus's shield. 

To be continue...

Here are some notes. 